your referee Michael Kennedy we are
underway it is rail Salt Lake going left
to right in white Chivas USA with the
red and white
still no real shots on goal for either
team but you've seen rossov a musician
get a little bit closer now space for
Mendoza calls his own number hasn't got
a goal this season that remains to be
the case plenty of exciting attacking
options and particularly for reals Salt
Lake Kenny juger Fabian Espindola robbie
Findley andy williams jeebus USA have a
leco esconder Ian up their sleeve dish I
ear many of these names we may see in
the second half depending on how the
games goes long range shot from Johnson
and he can hit it from there with
Russell the guy who would be covered for
the centre-backs playing it right back
he'd probably come in if olava couldn't
continue but they're pretty short handed
defensively only Tony Beltran a defender
listed on their bench this ball Raimondo
punches it away question kick save
Mendoza was at the doorstep but he
couldn't come in he had already loves
right now who's wearing white a mess in
front Raimondo with all the Giants in
front of them able to punch it resolve
sweeps into the 18 pressure by Morales
penalty penalty the referee's decision
is final Depot Center questions run up
goes to the far post and he scores at
the half hour mark it's one nil Chivas
USA
after all the work it took to get one
goal for Real Salt Lake last week it
comes relatively easy for Chivas USA
most dision marked by curtain he is no
match for him pace wise gets a little
warm burner in there that is same by
Zach Thornton on their behalf here javi
Morales everyone at the far post dick
same Beckerman it is perfectly
orchestrated you see the movement
Morales hitting by bornstein like a
doorstop wedged himself in there Russell
wave of rail soleplate players get in
they got it to the right set of feet
bought allah steer pose and they've
struck back 39 minutes later Jima
kovalenko good trail Salt Lake back in
front on the aggregate is an amazing
goal amazing and you gotta give credit
to more sissy I was totally surprised
and how he just darted in ghosted and
robbed the ball away from shavar Thomas
then you look at the support getting
wide bornstein 10 15 yards away creep
ball again from Javier Morales near post
central run as well and then a great
striking snap header at the far post
from diva Kovalenko more playing with
nine still might cost them as they try
to get back in an organized manner
rossov and offside didn't go in a great
effort but it's offside where you see
Naga more TP possession dropping it back
to the midfielder's Chivas have to take
advantage of that most is Ian maneuvers
right around Thomas then muscled his way
through Thomas denied by thorn in that
big left paw jeebus USA still in this
game they need a goal to change things
cholesteatoma was pointless block
resolves curling ball Owen question
trips over kovalenko I don't know if
there was any medicine that but it's
open the door from on Alice but sissy in
both of them joined by Mathis in the
area no
Betty fo over the top to Finley he has a
step and a half on foreign state forest
he closed the gap Finley gets there
first Thornton withdraws but honest
seven
that will put may also flake as high as
they've ever been what a month for the
team from Utah
and what play by the Argentine maestro
maestro is right that is an amazing goal
a culmination I'm putting the right
player in the right place give credit to
finley to open up that look he just
cleanly goes around Sasha up there it's
just to throw in here for Chivas USA
well last year they found themselves
trailing Kansas City one nil heading
into the second leg they weren't able to
change their fortunes broad
the home depot center alight we're not
done 22 32 on aggregate and advantage of
the visitors but you can see a huge shot
of injection to the TV's bench after
this goal is a fantastic combination but
the one goal at Rio Tinto is the one
that would put rail salt lake through a
norm was up there question ESCA Darien
good to the last drop it ends 2-2 here
at the home depot center but it's real
salt lake who move forward making
history beating chivas USA